Speakers: 

- 
  speaker: 'Reuben Fischer-Baum & Chiqui Esteban'
  institute: reuben.png
  text: "Reuben Fischer-Baum is an Assignment Editor on the Washington Post graphics team, focused on politics and sports. Chiqui Esteban is the Post's Graphics Director. This award-winning team builds visually-driven stories for an ever-expanding number of platforms, experimenting with new storytelling techniques to help readers make sense of the news. Reuben previously worked at FiveThirtyEight and Gawker Media. Chiqui previously worked at National Geographic, The Boston Globe, La Voz de Galicia, Diario de Cadiz, Publico and lainformacion.com."
  image: chiqui-esteban.png
- 
  image: ronald-morrison.png
  speaker: Ron Morrison
  institute: ""
  text: >
    Ron Morrison is a designer, artist, and
    researcher working across the fields of
    human geography, digital technology, and
    urbanism. They investigate how the
    unassimilable complicates race and
    geographic space as fixed and knowable.
    From building open source platforms to
    upend solitary confinement to crafting
    community based archives to combat
    gentrification, their work explores
    cartographies of slow violence,
    cybernetics, and blackness. Their work
    was implemented in the US, Ghana,
    Colombia, Ethiopia, Italy and featured
    at AIA New York, UN World Urban Forum,
    and Tribeca Film Festival. They are
    currently an Annenberg PhD fellow at the
    University of Southern California in Los
    Angeles.
- 
  image: sandra-rendgen.png
  speaker: Sandra Rendgen
  institute: ""
  text: >
    Sandra Rendgen is an independent author
    and researcher with a particular focus
    on data visualization, interactive media
    and the history of infographics. Her
    academic background is in art history
    and cultural theory. In collaboration
    with Taschen Publishing, she released
    “Information Graphics” (2012) and
    “Understanding the World” (2014).
    Currently she is working on two new
    books about the history of data
    visualization and information graphics.
- 
  speaker: 'Fernanda Viégas & Martin Wattenberg'
  institute: fernanda.png
  text: >
    Fernanda Viégas and Martin Wattenberg
    co-lead Google’s PAIR (People+AI
    Research) initiative, part of Google
    Brain. Their work in machine learning
    focuses on transparency and
    interpretability, as part of a broad
    agenda to improve human/AI interaction.
    They are well known for their
    contributions to social and
    collaborative visualization, and the
    systems they’ve created are used daily
    by millions of people. Their
    visualization-based artwork has been
    exhibited worldwide, and is part of the
    permanent collection of Museum of Modern
    Art in New York.
  image: martin.png

----

Title: Keynotes

----

Navtitle: Keynotes